I want to hit go position let's wind the
clocks back a year these cops and
lawyers wouldn't dare cross any of you I
mean what happened your balls drop off
hmm
you see a guy like me Frank
guy like me look listen I know why you
choose to have your little group therapy
sessions in broad daylight I know why
you're afraid to go out at night the
Batman he's a bad man has shown Gotham
your true colors unfortunately dent
he's just the beginning and as for the
televisions so-called plan Batman has no
jurisdiction he'll find him and make him
squeal I know the squealers when I see
them and what people oppose it's simple
we kill the battery
if it's so simple why haven't you done
it already if you're good at something
never do it for free what you will if we
don't deal with this now soon little
gamble here won't be able to get it a
nickel for his grandma enough from the
clown let's not blow this out of
proportion you think you could steal
from us and just walk away yeah I'm
putting the word out 500 grand for this
clown did a million alive so I can teach
him some manners first all right so
listen why didn't you give me a call
when you want to start taking things a
little more seriously here's my card
you
we've just seen the Joker try and
negotiate with the mob so let's explain
the game theory there are a couple of
interesting quotations in the scene one
is when the Joker explains that he's
going to kill the Batman
the mob asked him how much he wants and
the Joker explained he wants half of all
their profits the mob thinks this is a
pretty funny and ridiculous offer but
they can't just simply reject him
because the other element of the scene
is that time is of the essence The Joker
explains that if they don't deal with
the problem soon that gamble or anyone
else won't have any money to spend at
all so the game has three components one
is the Joker and the mob are bargaining
over a share of the profits in return
for the Joker taking care of Batman
another part is if they don't agree if
they can't come to an agreement then
slowly they're going to lose their
entire criminal operation Batman and law
enforcement are actually gaining ground
and therefore the mob is going to end if
they don't come to an agreement and this
is the important part that time is of
the essence day by day the Batman
Harvey Dent everyone else is getting
stronger and the mob is getting weaker
so these three elements define an
alternating ultimatum game where the mob
makes a proposal The Joker kinesia
reject it or accept it he can then come
back with a counteroffer and so on and
each time they make a proposal there's a
discount value or a day by day the
profits are shrinking this is often
depicted by a tree diagram that
continues between the mob and the Joker
and so on in this video I'm not going to
explain how we get to the solution I've
linked to a great video by William
spaniel and game theory 101 or you can
read some links that I put in the
description but when you have the scene
where you have a discount value and you
have several alternating offers it ends
up being
the fair solution is actually about a
50/50 split to each and this is
interesting because the mob actually
does agree to give the Joker half of the
profits it only turns out that the Joker
has other plans for his share of the
money thank you for watching please
subscribe to my youtube channel I make
videos on math and game theory you can
also check me out and my blog mind your
decisions or follow me on twitter at
prescott Walker and get my books on
Amazon